docs: add a Multi-Agent with ComponentTool example (#10032)
deepset-ai/haystack: docs-website/docs/pipeline-components/agents-1/agent.mdx

print("Calc Result:", response.get("calc_result"))
```

### Agents as Tools

You can wrap an `Agent` using [`ComponentTool`](../../tools/componenttool.mdx) to create multi-agent systems where specialized agents act as tools for a coordinator agent.

> When wrapping an `Agent` as a `ComponentTool`, use the `outputs_to_string` parameter with `{"source": "last_message"}` to extract only the agent's final response text, rather than the entire conversation history with tool calls to keep the coordinator agent's context clean and focused.

Reviewer: I think we need to replace the word 'conversation history' here. Not sure about the write wording though.
```suggestion
When wrapping an `Agent` as a `ComponentTool`, use the `outputs_to_string` parameter with `{"source": "last_message"}` to extract only the agent's final response text, rather than the execution trace with tool calls to keep the coordinator agent's context clean and focused.
```
